### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL? PostgreSQL is a Relational Database Management System (RDBMAS), which follows the SQL standard closely. It includes psql, a terminal-based program for issuing database commands.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL? PostgreSQL is a relational database system (RDS) whereas SQL is an Object-Relatioal Database with PostgreSQL offering more data types and allows for inheritance.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database? $ psql < my_database.sql

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`? `WHERE` filters which rows get included where as `HAVING` decides which group(s), if grouped, are to be kept.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join? `INNER` join will retain only the informatio from two tables that are relatable to one another. An `OUTER` join will retain informatio that is both related and NOT related to the other table in the resulting table.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join? `LEFT OUTER` corresponds to all the rows from the first table (left), combined with the matching rows from the second table (right). `RIGHT OUTER` corresponds to the matching rows from the first table(left), combies with all the rows from the second table (right).

- What is an ORM? What do they do? Object-Relational Mapping is a technique that allows you to query and manipulate data from a database.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`? With a standard request, the current window is cleared and the server response is loaded into the window. With AJAX, the current window is unaffected and the code is examined which leads to HTML being dynamically uploaded into the page.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token? Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) is an attack that is used to send requests from an authenticated user to a web application. A CSRF token is a unique and secret value that is generated by the server-side application and shared with the client. When issuing a request such as submitting a form, the client must include the correct CSRF token.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`? In WTForms, the `form.hidden_tag()` generates a hidden field that includes a token that is used to protect the form against CSRF attacks.
